# Tableau-Training-in-Malaysia-
One of the skills that characterize great business data analysts is the ability to communicate practical implications of quantitative analysis to any kind of audience member. Even the most sophisticated statistical analysis is not useful to a business if they do not lead to actionable advice, or if the answers to those business questions are not conveyed in a way that non-technical people can understand. Data visualization is the key to this problem.  We know technology has been the driver of change in transforming organizations and industries over the past few decades. Now, Tableau is driving a positive change in the way we work with data, making it much more accessible to all. We are now at the dawn of a new age where everyone can tap on data to see trends, make projections and come to informed decisions.  More employees of various companies are requesting Tableau and are continuing to collaborate in a training program in Tableau in order to create awareness of visual analytics for analysts and researchers. Tableau is a practical tool to unleash the potential to visualize the data with impact. Tableau makes faster and easier in identifying patterns that give the ability to resolve data quality problems instantly.  As customers continue to transform their businesses in the digital era, they will need to unlock the potential of their data to seize the exciting opportunities this era brings, now more than ever. Tableau empowers people at all levels of visual analytics and helps customers fully realize the potential of their data. Currently, people from all walks of life, from students to data scientists, use Tableau to see and understand their data. People are so grateful that it takes less time to revise the dashboards with Tableau.  Tableau training in Malaysia trains students in the data visualization software Tableau, which can be used to analyze data, as also create stories, dashboards, workbooks, optimized database queries, and visualizations. Students will be taught to accomplish Machine Learning concepts in Tableau and be introduced to different product versions of the software which have made it the No.1 choice for business intelligence &amp; analytics.  With the Tableau training, you will understand about data visualisation principles &amp; importance of Tableau in present world and will  learn about Tableau Architecture &amp; the top charts used in Tableau on the latest version i.e. Tableau 10.5 Desktop. You will also learn about the statistical concepts pivotal for success in Tableau profession, building prediction models &amp; forecasting models in Tableau. You will gain in-depth concepts on Machine Learning Concepts like K-Means Clustering Forecasting &amp; Text Mining &amp; how to accomplish the same in Tableau.  Tableau Training can be attended by the candidates who aspires to be a Big Data Analysts, Analytics Manager/Professionals, Business Analyst, Developers, graduates who are looking to build a career in Big Data Administrators and Machine Learning, employees planning to shift to big data tools and finally students who are aiming to work in the IT Industry
